Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ Oh-oh.
oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Oh-oh ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
♪ You chewed me up.
took me for granted ♪
♪ You couldn't see
what I could do ♪
♪ What doesn't kill you
makes you stronger ♪
♪ You fuelled the fire.
now I'm through ♪
♪ I'm a fighter ♪
♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
Thank you for coming.
Woman:
Of course.
Good morning. Ella.
You're like Horowitz
with a needle and thread.
Hi. Max.
You mean the piano player?
Best there ever was.
Fashion Week is
only five weeks away
and we've still got gaps
in our collection.
What about the trench-dress
and the metallic blazer?
Done and nearly done.
Who did this?
Um... I did.
Who are you?
Ella Richards. I'm a sewer.
The placket wasn't working.
so I split the pleat
on either side of the closure.
I like it.
You do.
Who are you wearing?
I'm wearing me.
You're a designer?
A really good one.
Yes. I can see that.
That means a lot
coming from you.
Max: I met Ella on the job.
I went to her loft and saw
her work and I was knocked out.
Hm. Max gave me
the same stamp of approval
when I was starting out.
He was certainly
right about you.
I've never known him
to be wrong.
If Max says you're good.
believe him.
♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
Meeting Annie Chew
was so inspiring.
all I want to do is work.
That's all you ever do anyway.
I really needed
a boost right now.
Every time I talk to
my mom or my brother.
I try to convince them that my
designer dream is going strong.
and they always
pretend to believe me.
Before you tumble down
the rabbit hole of doubt.
you want some left-over Chinese?
Maybe later.
Oh. how much Candice Huffine
can one wall take?
Well. I need all
the inspiration I can get.
Is your schedule free
for the next few days?
I'm waiting to hear about a new
sewing gig. but it might be.
There's a really big
photo shoot coming up at work
and I could use an extra set
of hands in the fitting room.
Claudia is pulling out
all the stops
and driving everybody nuts.
Yeah. well.
she's a perfectionist.
Most legends are.
If by "perfectionist" you mean
treating everybody at
the magazine with the same
disdain as gum stuck to
the sole of her Louboutin pumps.
You certainly have
a way with words.
If only I could get
someone to read them.
I'm working on this piece
about the elegant chaos
of Fashion Week.
"Celebrities line the runway
as designers have heart attacks
back stage when
a model misses a cue."
So. are those nimble
fingers available?
You'd be doing me
a really big favour.
Okay. I'm in.
I mean.
I don't know about you.
but I had a great
time last night.
Yeah. who knew
you could cook like that?
That's almond milk. right?
I thought you said soy.
You know. hold on one second.
I'm getting another call.
Hey. when did you
get back into town?
I did. I tried calling you.
You need to
tell her what you want.
I'm just--
Hold on one second.
Uh... I'm sorry.
what did you say?
- She's waiting.
- Who's waiting?
She is.
All of us are.
Oh. right. Sorry.
Um... Almond milk. please.
Coming right up.
Yeah. Yeah. no. You know what?
Saturday night works for me.
Unbelievable.
Okay. I'm--
I'm going to call you back.
Is something wrong?
Oh. no. It's just
that some of us have
places to be. that's all.
Right. Well. some of us would
like to get what we ordered.
Whatever.
Wow.
What?
I've just never heard three
syllables sound so judgmental.
Well--
That's for you.
Have a wonderful day.
Okay. well.
call me tomorrow.
Sounds good. Bye.
I'm sorry. Are you--
Are you following me?
I was about to ask
you the same thing.
So. that's a no?
Don't flatter yourself.
So. are you
always this friendly?
Only with strangers
I can't seem to shake.
I'm not a stranger.
You're the guy who
doesn't like soy milk.
Seriously?
I guess so.
Let me guess. You're heading
to the tenth floor.
Yeah. As a matter of fact. I am.
You work at the magazine?
I just started. How about you?
My roommate does. I'm just
helping out for a few days.
I guess this is us.
There is no us.
Do you think this was fate?
Whatever it was. I'm afraid
it's over. I'm late.
Well. it was fun
while it lasted.
You said that you were new here?
I am. First day.
I'm a little nervous.
Word to the wise. stay out
of Claudia Davenport's way.
I hear she can be
a real tyrant.
- Noted.
- Good luck.
Thank you.
Claudia booked
Umberto DeLuca to do the shoot
and she's gone from
overbearing to full-on diva.
When I think of
the fashion icons
that have walked these halls.
Right?
Speaking of icons.
keep your eyes forward
and your mouth shut.
Ella: Oh. wow. Look at that suit
she is wearing.
The woman does not disappoint.
There's Liza.
my impossible boss.
You never said
how pretty she is.
If you can get
past her personality.
Why aren't you
in The Closet?
I was headed there now.
Start pulling some of
the looks that we discussed.
I feel like Dorothy entering Oz.
Start clicking your heels
because here we go.
Gucci. I mean.
It's like I died
and went to designer heaven.
On your 87th visit
the magic wears a little thin.
Armani?
It's gorgeous.
- Can I try it on?
- No.
- Come on. Please?
How you doing?
Our subs are down.
We're losing advertisers.
Hey. I get I.
These are hard times
for all print media.
As the newly-installed
man in charge.
what do you propose we do?
Well. I hate to say it. Claudia.
but the magazine. it's--
it's outdated.
The remaining subscribers. they
don't relate to the content.
I'm not saying it's your fault.
It's just the way it is.
Your father is here.
Perfect. send him in.
You needed back-up in dealing
with your difficult
Editor-in-Chief?
I thought
you go back a long way.
It might be reassuring.
Right.
Always a pleasure. Roger.
The pleasure is mine.
Father.
Let me try to calm
the predictable
tension between you.
As Editor of The Look.
Claudia is one of
our most valuable assets.
She's naturally very
protective of the content.
As the publisher.
Derek's job is to make sure
the magazine's profitable.
He bailed out two of
our other publications
by amping up
their digital presence.
Does that mean you'll leave
the print magazine alone?
Initially. yes.
but the research and results
from the digital magazine
will be applied to the print
as we move forward.
I see.
I leave it to you and Derek
to work out your differences.
but you need to know.
he speaks for me.
And I will continue
to speak for me
and the magazine
that I helped to build.
Good day. fellas.
- Claudia.
- Liza!
This is harder
than it looks.
Heaven forbid a Prada belt
ends up in the same shot
as an Armani pantsuit.
I want your problems.
When I started as a temp.
I was so excited to have a job
in the fashion industry.
I just didn't think
I would still be in
the same closet two years later.
It's a pretty nice closet.
Not for the fashion editor
I've always wanted to be.
All these gorgeous dresses
and none of them
would fit a girl my size.
Hey. Claudia cannot
count past four.
Seriously.
let's go check out the shoes.
they come in all sizes.
Yes!
Oh. wow! Can I touch?
- No.
- With my eyes?
Sure!
I wanted you to see The Closet
and get an idea of
how the magazine
and the fashion world intersect.
I work very closely
with all the designers.
Careers have been made
because of the looks
put together in this room.
Yes. very impressive.
Things get really
crazy around here
as we gear up for Fashion Week.
Who is that guy
talking to Claudia?
That's Derek Colby.
Colby Publishing.
Roger Colby's son.
they own a ton of magazines.
including this one.
The Look is losing money
so they sent
the Prince of Publishing
to help revive it.
That's what they call him.
Who calls him that?
People. the press.
he's a hot topic.
A dating site took a poll.
He was voted the 7th most
eligible bachelor in New York.
Liza: Katie. where are you?
Great. I'll need you to take
everything that you pulled
to the fitting room.
Claudia will want to
see it on the models.
And I need to call
Umberto's agent right now.
So. we'll see you
in the fitting room
and we will show you how we
prepare for an editorial shoot.
Can't wait.
We are so happy
to have you here.
Yup.
Uh...
It's you.
Are you hiding?
You're hiding.
No.
Uh. hey.
We met at
a coffee shop this morning.
Yes. we have all this history
and I don't even know your name.
Ella Richards.
and I'm Katie. by the way.
Oh. it's. uh.
very nice to meet you.
Why didn't you say who you were?
And what was that about
being new and nervous?
Well. I am new and I am nervous.
I have to make
this company solvent.
You see. most people are
intimidated by my name
and. well.
I was enjoying your honesty.
Why would I be intimidated?
I don't work here.
and I am just helping.
I'm sorry.
I have to-- I have to go.
I think I can handle it.
Right.
Okay. he may not be your boss.
but he is mine.
and my boss's boss and her boss.
try to resist
the urge to offend him.
Okay. sure.
he's just so entitled.
And so attractive.
I hadn't noticed.
Well. he seems to
have noticed you.
Yeah. Well. the 7th most
eligible bachelor in New York
is not my kind of guy.
♪ Lovin' somebody ♪
♪ Having somebody ♪
Claudia will want
to see the cargo pants
both with and without
the Hermes belt.
How's it going?
This dress doesn't
need to be shorter.
it needs to taper at the knee.
It's going to look boxy.
And you are?
This is Ella.
She's helping with
the photo shoot.
Less opinion. more sewing.
We're on a deadline.
Umberto's shoots
can be so intense.
he's very unpredictable.
Derek. hi.
Would you give me a minute?
Well. you got better
knees than I do.
I busted mine playing
basketball in college.
Prepping for a shoot
is always daunting.
So many decisions to make.
Do you think the side ruching
is distorting the bodice?
Um...
Yeah. um--
There may be too many
folds in the ruching.
the way it gathers at the waist.
What she said.
Is this your interpreter?
Yes. Yes. for the moment she is.
Liza: Umberto says he wants
approval on all the models.
Yes. This is a fashion magazine.
The details are life and death.
Thank you. Claudia.
How can you be in
charge of this place
if you don't know
what ruching is?
Well. I just assumed
it was the crumpled up
fabric on the side there.
It's how you
crumple it that matters.
Oh. wow. Okay.
I admit I have a lot to learn.
You think?
I do.
And I don't have
a lot of time to learn it.
♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
Oh. there you are.
How was your first
day at school?
I need a crash
course in fashion.
There is no such thing.
Well. you're a seamstress.
I'm sure you could teach me
a few of the basics.
I'm not just handy
with a needle and thread.
I'm also a designer.
That's great.
Gives you more credibility.
With who?
With me.
What's happening is Claudia
is using my lack of knowledge
about fashion to
undermine my authority.
I'm sorry. but I resent your
authority as much as she does.
Are you following me?
I was about to
ask you the same thing.
Are you working at
the magazine tomorrow?
I'll be there until
the photo shoot's over.
and then I'm gone.
Great. Have coffee
with me in the morning.
I want to learn fashion
from someone who loves it.
How do you know I love it?
Because you hate
the fact that I don't.
Come on. One cup.
Say yes.
Okay.
- No. I said. "Say yes."
- Yes!
Perfect.
This is not how
I saw us ending up.
So you admit there's an us.
Whatever.
I've never heard three
syllables sound so encouraging.
Ella: Thanks again for
coming to my loft.
My homemade boutique.
So. what's the occasion again?
Bobby's parents are having the
engagement party at their house.
Oh.
I'm meeting his whole family.
Well. you have picked
the perfect dress.
I love this colour on you.
I never really thought of
myself as the lavender type.
just black. understated.
trying to disappear.
What do you think?
I don't know how to thank you.
Well. when you feel beautiful.
you look beautiful. Yes?
- Yes.
I'm revamping
the digital magazine
and I want to go live
during Fashion Week.
So. I don't have much
time to get up to speed.
Well. this is my first time
teaching Fashion 101.
Thank you.
So. I'll begin with
what I know best.
Okay.
I always have
a sketchbook with me.
my sewing gigs. everywhere.
You never know when
inspiration will strike.
Just to be clear.
I'm not looking for an opinion
on my work. this is
strictly a learning tool.
Okay. No opinions.
Okay. I have
a philosophy about design.
I call it
the IFFF Factor.
That's spelled with one I
followed by three F's.
It stands for Inspiration.
Fabric. Fit. and Financials.
I-F-F-F. Got it.
Okay.
Inspiration can
come from anywhere.
A movie. a book. a colour
you can't get out of your head.
This dress is all about fabric.
I went nuts for this brocade.
Fit is about
understanding the contours
of a woman's body
and helping her to embrace them.
I know I'm not
supposed to do this.
but these.
these are really good.
Well. you don't know
enough to know they're good.
but. um. thank you.
Financials is making sure
the woman can afford it.
I don't want the price tag
to overwhelm the joy they get
from wearing the dress.
That. that might be the most
important thing you said.
See. I'm trying to make the
publications more accessible.
but my father is
resistant to change.
and his father
founded the company.
and he's the exact same way.
So. the Prince of Publishing
hashtag is for real.
Inheriting a publishing dynasty
is not such a terrible fate.
You're very hard to read.
What are you thinking?
That our backgrounds
are nothing alike.
I grew up in Pittsburgh.
My dad worked in a textile mill.
He'd bring home
all these end-pieces
and I would sew them together.
He must be so proud
that you became a designer.
He passed away when I was a kid.
Ah. I'm sorry.
That's okay.
my mom is proud enough for two.
Ooh. I'm late for Oscar.
- Who's Oscar?
- The man I can't live without.
Ella: So. this is where
the magic happens.
It is. Whenever I parachute in
to save one of our publications.
I always take Oscar with me
to run the digital side.
Nice to meet you.
Ella here is going to
make me fashion-savvy.
Savvy might be overreaching.
Yeah.
Look. What we're doing here
can't be an online replica
of the print version.
We want to produce new.
fresh. more relevant content.
That might get us
more traffic ad-buys.
which are running really low.
Right.
Most women can barely
afford the magazine.
let alone the clothes
they see inside.
That's kind of my thing.
bringing fashion to the masses.
Yeah. I'm getting that.
Fashion has been ignoring
the women who aren't models.
and there are a lot more of us
than there are size twos.
You have a chance
to change that.
and double your readership
while you're at it.
Well. I think you got a point.
Let me think about it.
Hello again.
Hey. Oscar.
Katie gave me
a tour of The Closet
and all the hottest designers.
Lucky you.
We are setting up
for the photo shoot
and the stylist needs
to make some alterations.
Mm-hm.
Okay.
Umberto is the best
photographer in the business
and an editorial shoot
is a great way
to learn about fashion.
You should be there.
Well. okay.
Oscar: I can't tell if
she's the boss or the assistant.
Yeah. me either.
♪ Sometimes ♪
♪ It's like we're
spinning out of control ♪
Give me more eyes.
That's it.
I love this shot.
Yes! Can we get more
light on Jasmine please?
A puff sleeve is
hard to pull off.
but I think it's perfection.
Who is that person?
Some sewer
who latched onto Derek.
Umberto thinks
I'm a little shiny.
You need to sign off on Manolo's
Long Live Stilettos spread.
Alright. Keep an eye
on Derek while I'm gone.
I don't want him having opinions
and ruining the shoot.
Derek. We met at a party
in the Hamptons last summer.
Do you remember?
Yes. I do.
You're hard to forget.
It's nice to see you again.
Yeah. you too.
Mr. DeLuca--
That's my father.
I'm Bert.
May I just say that picture
you took of the kid looking up
at the high-fashion
glamazon in the Bronx is just.
it's one of
my all-time favourites.
May I say.
you have good taste.
it's one of
my favourites too.
Excuse me.
Ella. is it?
Umberto is very busy.
What do you
do. Ella?
Well. today I'm a sewer.
but I'm also a designer.
And that outfit
you're wearing?
Is one of my own.
An Ella original.
And now if we could
resume the shoot.
Until we meet again.
Ella:
Thank you.
It looks like
you just made a friend.
Yeah. well.
he's as nice as he is talented.
Did I miss anything?
What do you think
of the necklace. Ella?
Obviously.
I missed a lot.
Um. I think
the necklace is overkill.
It competes
with the neckline.
I agree.
Wait a minute.
The jeweler bought a four-page
spread in this issue.
This page is not for sale.
Much better.
That honesty thing
you got going on?
I like it.
Derek has some nobody
sewer calling the shots?
Is he really that clueless
or is he testing me?
Either way.
he's going to regret it.
Ella. do you
have a minute?
What's up?
Can we go to my office?
There's something
I'd like to discuss.
This season's emphasis
on asymmetrical hemlines?
No. but we can go over that too.
I'm still moving in.
Still trying to get
used to the office
and all the responsibilities
that go with it.
What did you want to talk about?
You and me.
Maybe we should
stick with hemlines.
Well. we can talk hemlines.
necklines. and anything else
you think I need to know.
that's kind of the point.
I hope I'm not intruding.
Actually--
The art director asked
if you want to see the proofs
from the photo shoot since
it's going to be the cover.
Can you tell him
that I am in a meeting.
and will be
with him in a moment.
Meeting is executive-speak
for otherwise engaged.
And what are we
engaged in exactly?
A negotiation.
I want to hire you
to be my consultant.
to keep me from making
any fashion faux pas.
You have a whole
staff to do that.
Yeah. well.
most of the employees are
loyal to Claudia
and they see me as an intruder.
I want an outsider.
Someone who isn't
afraid to speak her mind.
I don't want you to hire me.
or you'd be my boss.
Okay. what do you want?
I want a piece about me
in the digital magazine.
as an up-and-coming designer.
So. it would be quid pro quo.
I'd rather have
your respect than a pay cheque
Great. then we have a deal.
Just like that?
Just like that.
My magazine. my call.
I think this meeting
went pretty well.
I want to include a signature
design in the article about me
that really represents my brand.
Very Ella original.
All I have to do in return
is teach Derek about fashion.
I'm already
planning his curriculum.
Okay. what is
the Prince of Publishing like.
up close and personal?
Bored with being a prince.
that's my guess.
I think that's
what he sees in me.
I don't scrape and bow
whenever he walks into a room.
What do you do?
I just tell him the truth.
And what do you tell yourself?
To keep my eye on the prize.
get my name in the magazine.
and not get distracted
by some unattainable guy
with a million-dollar smile.
You tell yourself all that?
Yes. and I mean every word.
Okay.
I'm good with being myself
and being curvy.
and it took me a long time
to say that. I just...
...have to keep saying it.
Anybody who doesn't see how
great you are. that's their bad.
I so like Derek.
as a person. I mean.
I just can't figure out
what makes him tick.
So. bring it in.
Okay. so. dribbling is like
a dance you do with the ball.
Okay?
In perfect rhythm. perfect sync.
Who wants to give it a try?
What about you?
That's it! Nice footwork.
I love that.
Eddie.
why don't you give it a try?
Good. Oh! Nice try.
One more. okay?
You got it. Hey. come here.
It's not just
about height. okay?
It's about heart.
and you got plenty of both.
So. why don't you
give it another try?
Never give up.
- Derek.
- Oh. Hey. Harry.
- How you doing?
- Good. man.
The team's looking
good this year.
Yeah. they're a great group.
Listen.
I was thinking we should start
an arts program for the kids.
Not just painting.
but music. too.
They got a lot to say.
and it's not always easy
to say it with words.
That would be great.
Yeah. I'm crazy busy
with work right now.
but as soon as I come up
for air. let's get started okay?
Alright. guys. We're going to do
a horseshoe formation. alright?
The graphics. they
need more definition.
If we get any eyeballs.
this is not going to keep them.
Understood.
And what about the logos?
Mm. one on the left.
There you are.
Uh. here I am.
I wondered if
you wanted to have lunch.
You know what?
I'm already booked. Sorry.
Hello. Ella.
Hi. Are you ready to go?
- I am.
- Where are you guys going?
On a field trip.
Where?
The Garment District.
Why?
For some Fashion 101.
Clothing is a form
of self-expression.
Every morning
when you get dressed.
it's like a painter
with a canvas.
And those canvasses come
in all shapes and sizes.
I'm sensing a theme here.
Yeah. well. body positivity is
something I really believe in.
If you feel beautiful.
you look beautiful.
Okay. now for
some fashion basics.
I promise I will leave
my soapbox at the door.
...better here.
You gotta watch the sequins.
Okay and watch
that shoulder...
This is where the rubber meets
the runway before Fashion Week.
There are a lot of
looks in a collection
and they all have
to be stand-outs.
Hello. hello!
Ella: Thank you for letting
us look around.
- You bet.
- This is Max Rintels.
Derek.
He is the heart and soul
of the Garment District.
The rag-trade
is in my genes.
My father was a pusher.
A... a pusher?
That's what they call the guys
who push racks of clothes
from jobber to jobber
on 7th Avenue.
And my mom worked
in a sweatshop.
I know a little bit about
going into the family business.
Oh. yeah?
What line of work are you in?
Publishing.
He works at
The Look magazine.
Oh. yeah.
what do you do there?
I. um...
His family owns it.
Right.
Nice work.
if you can get it.
I'm giving him
a crash course on fashion.
Ah. well.
if you're okay with Ella.
you're okay with me.
Fabric is the first
F in IFFF.
It doesn't just dictate
how a design will look.
but how it feels.
We call that a fabric's hand.
Okay.
Silk has a very
soft and sensual hand.
- Okay.
- Go ahead and give it a try it.
Yeah.
I see what you mean.
Okay. Let's hit the next
stop on our fashion tour.
Sure. uh. after you.
Thank you.
This is a typical
women's clothing store.
Okay.
Whether it's a high-end boutique
or a chain store at the mall.
the sizes go from two to 14.
That salesgirl right there is
straight out of "Pretty Woman."
She wants to tell me
I don't belong here.
Well. I have got news for her.
The average size of
the American woman is 16.
Since we're the vast majority.
maybe it's time they start
stocking stores
with things that fit.
Sorry. sometimes the soapbox
sneaks up on me.
You're cute when you get mad.
Don't patronize me.
I'm not. How about this?
You're ferocious
when you get mad.
That's better.
I have a question.
Do women dress for themselves
or do they dress for others?
It depends which woman
we're talking about.
Let's talk about you.
I'm just looking in the mirror
and trying to be
the me I want to be.
Wow. I'm not sure if
there's a right answer.
but. if there is.
I'm pretty sure that was it.
Yeah. well.
it wasn't always the case.
Mirrors used
to be the enemy.
and now they're just
a piece of glass.
- What I see is up to me.
- Hm.
So what are we doing next?
- People watching.
- Hm.
She is on her lunch break
and she has to get back to work.
The suit is a knock-off.
but. you know. she's ambitious.
and one day it will
be the real thing.
Does she read The Look?
She springs for
the September issue once a year.
And what do you see
when you look at me?
Designer from head-to-toe.
Money is obviously not an issue.
I see the 7th most
eligible bachelor in New York.
Yeah. well. don't believe
everything you hear.
It's. uh-- It's not who I am.
Okay.
So. is today about
teaching me fashion
or making The Look
more inclusive?
It's both.
See that girl and her mother?
That was me and my mom
when I was a kid.
She used to take me
from store to store.
and one day I asked her why.
And she said that they
didn't have what we wanted
in my favourite colour.
And what's your
favourite colour?
Blue. but then I got older.
and I realized that
she didn't take me from store to
store because they didn't have
it in my colour. they just...
...didn't have it in my size.
You're very persuasive.
And what are you?
Convinced.
Okay. Wow. great!
You know.
maybe you should try being
a little more enthusiastic.
Oh.
I think it would
look good on you.
I got a meeting
with some advertisers.
but I'm looking forward
to our next lesson.
Me. too.
Woman: Hey. slow down!
- Hi.
Are we celebrating something?
Uh. no.
That could have been ugly.
Oh. Right. Um...
Thank you.
You're... You're welcome.
Do you always get
that dressed up to sew?
Only when I'm a fan
of my employer.
I used to work as
a sewer to pay my bills.
Most designers can't sew.
They have the vision.
but not the talent.
You two have a lot in common.
and by that
I mean actual talent.
Show Annie your sketchbook.
Max. you're embarrassing me.
Embarrassed looks good on you.
show her the sketchbook.
I'd really like to see it.
Okay. Uh...
You're even better
than Max said.
Told you.
Mm. These are nice.
It may be time to
give up your day job.
Thank you.
I need you to make me a promise.
When you hit it big.
you stay exactly who you are.
Yeah.
♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
Okay. don't get
too excited about this.
but I asked Max
if you could talk to
Annie about buying an ad.
That was very nice of you.
Well. I got a stake
in this thing succeeding.
There you are!
I had an idea
I couldn't wait to share.
We should have a party that
coincides with Fashion Week.
A big splashy event to
celebrate the relaunch of
the digital magazine
with you at the helm.
Well. the party would
get us some press
and that might
generate some buzz.
I ran it past Claudia
and got her okay.
I told her it was a way
to publicly divvy up
your two domains.
If you have your own domain.
you can make all
the changes you want.
What kind of changes?
I plan to make
the magazine more inclusive
and broaden our reach.
The Look is very inclusive.
We use models of
every race and ethnicity.
But not every size.
That's a pretty big change.
And it's long overdue.
I want to give this
new direction a shot.
I'm really impressed by your
willingness to take a risk.
I want to throw you a party as
big and as bold as your vision.
A party would be great.
Thanks. Liza.
Oscar: So this is how
the other half lives.
You've never been here before?
No. I would remember.
Do you play?
Yeah. well.
with all that piano. I better.
So. the 9th is when
Fashion Week starts.
That gives us approximately
three and a half weeks to
pull this whole thing off.
No pressure.
Yeah.
Cheers.
Friends of yours?
Yeah. You could say that.
I've never seen
you smile so wide.
Where was this taken?
I opened
a Youth Center in Brooklyn.
You never told me that before.
I know. I. uh--
I don't tell many people that.
So. this is your
way of giving back.
I get a lot more than I give.
Those kids keep me grounded.
Says the man in
the luxury penthouse apartment.
Come on.
I'm moving. by the way.
I'm looking for a townhouse
that I can restore.
Something closer to the Center.
Closer to who you want to be?
Yeah. Yeah. something like that.
You got this.
Okay. I'm going to give
her the three pieces about
Fashion Week to read.
I love them all.
Liza. do you have a moment?
Derek: Oh. Ella!
Annie Chew just gave us
an ad-buy!
I mentioned body
inclusivity in our pitch
and she said that's
something she'd like to support.
That is so great
on so many levels.
I heard there was an opening
for an assistant fashion editor.
and I was hoping you
could get Claudia to read
some samples of my work.
Claudia is incredibly busy.
and so am I.
This party is
taking up all my time.
I'm a little surprised you'd
ask for a favour right now.
Timing is
everything. Katie.
Hats are the best
thing ever.
Most women are
the same size above the ears.
and there are
no stigmas whatsoever.
What happened with Liza?
She shut me down.
What? Let me see what I can do.
Like what?
I don't know.
Where are you going?
To talk to Derek.
You might want to lose the hat.
- Yes.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I think Katie should
write the article about me.
Okay. uh...
Look. I know you two
are friends. but...
She's a really good writer
who wants to be
a fashion editor.
No one knows me
better than she does.
Oscar?
It would make the piece more
personal which might be good.
Okay.
Excellent.
Great.
I should go.
I have a meeting with my father.
- Good luck.
- Yeah.
He needs luck
meeting with his dad?
Roger Colby is about as
flexible as Mount Rushmore
and Derek is trying
to reinvent the wheel.
I'm mixing my metaphors.
but you get my point.
Well. I don't care
what the board members say.
It's not just about the numbers.
it's about making a difference.
As the heir apparent to
a publishing institution.
you sometimes sound quite naïve.
Hm. Well--
Ella!
This is my father. Roger Colby.
This is Ella Richards.
It's nice to meet you.
You too.
Temper your idealism
with the monetary realities.
Temper your generational
blinders with the real world.
I told Katie that
she was writing the article
and she was thrilled.
You did a good thing.
As far as Colby's go.
you're pretty cool.
Most people like me
because of my last name.
You seem to like me
in spite of it.
Who says I like you?
Do you want to go
to dinner tonight?
Dinner in what context?
We order. we eat.
we talk hemlines.
So this is a work thing?
It's a friend thing.
Yeah. Mm-hm.
- Great.
- Okay.
Ella:
This is really nice.
Well. it's a thank you
for Annie Chew.
I hope other designers
follow her lead.
See I have to prove to my father
that the digital future
is an opportunity to
reach more people.
Maybe it's a good
thing you didn't become
- a basketball player.
- Yeah.
After college I rebelled.
I got as far from my family
heritage as I knew how.
And how did you do that?
I travelled. Went to Spain.
Fell in love with Spain.
Have you ever been to Spain?
I can barely afford
a ticket to Pittsburgh.
You know. as soon as
Ella Originals takes off.
Spain is the first
place I'll go.
I didn't mean for
that to sound arrogant.
I was just trying to
ask you a question.
And I was answering a question.
Okay. are we fighting
or flirting. I can't tell.
Me neither.
Okay. so. after sunny Spain.
how did you get to
where you are now?
Well. I realized I could
do things my own way.
So. I got my MBA. I learned
the world of publishing.
and to respect the reader
as much as the bottom line.
Sounds like you have
a soapbox of your own.
I think I'm just
trying to impress you.
It's working.
Is it the Bordeaux
or the company?
I'm gonna go with the wine.
But. you know.
the company is hard to resist.
Where were you?
I went to dinner with Derek.
You went on a date?
Not a date.
just talking and hanging out.
Where did you go?
Le Petit Jardin.
It was a date.
Whatever it was.
I had a wonderful time.
He probably dates
a lot of women.
models and socialites.
I'm just a novelty.
And this article is
way too important.
it could change my career.
I'm not going to ruin
that with some flirtation.
Are you buying any of that?
Because I'm not.
Okay. I really like him.
and a lot more
than I bargained for.
You don't want to get hurt.
Exactly.
All this stuff is great.
Who is that?
Oh. that's Candice Huffine.
The most amazing
full-figured model in the world.
And also my muse.
This is really pretty.
Thank you. I can make it
in a smaller size if you'd like.
Are they for sale?
Yeah. for sure. Right here
in my little boutique.
Annie Chew used to sell
her designs out of a loft.
It's like a rite of passage.
Musicians start in a garage.
and designers start in a loft.
And where do you go from here?
Maybe. someday. I'll have my own
showroom on Fashion Avenue.
or I'll just keep
freelancing as a seamstress.
Come on. You need to have
more faith in yourself.
I'm still that kid
from Pittsburgh.
I arrived in New York
and called myself a designer.
And. you know. it can be really
scary when you dream that big.
Dream as big as you want.
you got the talent
to back it up.
This place is terrific.
It's really gonna
add to the story.
100 years ago this building
was filled with sweatshops.
All the immigrant
garment workers were
from the Lower East Side.
It's hallowed ground.
Let's-- Let's make sure
we include that. huh?
You got it.
You know. I thought I was doing
you a favour with this article.
Turns out you're doing me one.
You're going to be
a fantastic read.
Is that publisher-speak
or do you really mean it?
Every word.
So. how's it--
How's it coming along?
I think this piece on Ella
could be really special.
Well. I think Ella is
really special.
Stop me if
I'm crossing a line here.
but are you two a thing?
Not the type of
thing I'm used to.
Hm.
I'm not sure what to call us.
I'm getting the sense
she has some reservations.
So. show her who you really are.
The stuff that you're into.
What if she's disappointed
by the man I turn out to be?
At least you'll know
it's not your money
and good looks
that are the problem.
Stop it.
So. what's the surprise?
Where are you taking us?
You'll see. We're almost there.
- Almost where?
- I don't know!
Tell me.
Alright.
I'm taking you to a gym.
You're taking me to
a gym in Brooklyn?
Mm-hm. Surprise!
Big surprise.
I may be over-dressed.
No. you are perfect.
It's right here.
It's like reaching for
a cookie on top of a shelf.
Okay. up and curve.
Just like this.
Alright? Alright.
So. just like that
I want you to try a few shots.
Ah. nice try.
Okay. so. I think
what the problem is. is--
Hey. Hi.
Bend your knees a little.
It's kind of a spectator thing--
I'm on Eddie's team.
Alright.
Hi. Alright. so. I used to play
basketball with my brother.
and he was a point guard
in high school. alright?
So. why don't you try to loosen
your grip before you release
and give it more arc. Yeah?
Relax and follow-through
on your release.
- Go. Eddie!
- Oh!
Good work.
Thanks.
Go. Ella.
See? You can do it.
Eddie:
Yeah. I can.
That's a happy man.
Must be the company
he's keeping.
This is how you play.
I take a shot. if I get it in.
you have to duplicate.
if you miss. you get an H.
And when you miss
you get another letter.
I have been playing
Horse with my brother
since I was six-years old.
You. sir. are going down.
Oh. It is on.
Okay.
Does this hurt?
No. I think I just twisted it.
Ow! Oh. gosh.
Yeah. why would you do that?
Stupid.
I think it's
my pride that's hurt.
Here you go.
Thank you. Harry.
Thank you very much.
You know. you're not
who I thought you were.
Yeah? Is that a good thing
or a bad thing?
It's good.
Word of advice. though.
Next time. wear high-tops.
Thanks for the fashion tip.
It's not a fashion tip.
It's common sense.
How's your ankle?
Much better.
Thank you.
It might be sore
for a while.
- Oh. yeah?
- Mm-hm.
Were you close to
your family growing up?
Colby's doesn't do close.
We do what's expected.
See. my father grew up in
the very long shadow of
my grandfather. and I am
expected to do the same.
But he's still your father.
Yeah.
My father was everything to me.
I miss him every day.
You should find a way to
make some good memories
while you still can.
Yeah.
I have a lot of opinions.
I've noticed. yeah.
Walk me home at your own risk.
This is me.
I should get inside.
I have a sewing gig
in the morning.
You need to commit
to being a designer.
And it's not just about
the way other people see you.
it's how you see yourself.
Yeah. well. I'm not
ready to make that leap.
Maybe after
the article comes out
I'll have more confidence.
or maybe people
won't like my designs
and I'll just be
sewing seams forever.
Welcome to
the inside of my head.
It's my favourite place to be.
You're in there a lot.
Am I?
I'm sorry. I--
No. just. um...
This is happening really fast.
Yup.
- I mean. it feels that way.
- No. it didn't mean--
It's-- I mean-- I just--
I need time to get my bearings.
Sure. yeah.
As much as you need.
It might help if you were
a little less wonderful.
I'll work on that.
Thank you.
- Goodnight.
What are you up to?
This dress is to
wear to the party.
I want it to be perfect. magical.
Max gave me the remnants
of this gorgeous silk.
Oh. I love the colour.
I know.
It's called Fairytale Blue.
The Prince is gonna love it.
This is not about him.
This is about me holding
my own at that party.
I'm going to be surrounded
by the most important people
in fashion.
people I want to impress.
I get to be
one of the designers.
Well. you're gonna
knock it out of the park.
the ballroom or wherever.
Get some glass slippers
to go with the dress.
Mm! Yeah! Yes.
I want to coordinate
the photos of the loft
and the Lower East Side
neighbourhood with your article.
What pictures. what article?
I'm writing a piece about
Ella for the digital magazine.
On whose authority?
On Derek's authority.
and on mine.
And what is it about Ella that
the readers are dying to know?
That she is designing
beautiful clothes the fit
the full-figured women that
The Look has been ignoring
for 50 years.
Well said.
I doubt very much
that Claudia would agree.
Jasmine would be an absolute
vision in that outfit
if she were wearing
the necklace I selected.
If I could have a quick word?
It's important.
Nothing is more
important than The Book.
It's about
the future of the magazine
and the direction it's taking.
Unfurrow your brow
and cut to the chase.
I'm talking about Derek's plans
for the digital magazine.
It's a big departure
from the usual content.
and by "big" I mean wider.
And by "wider"
I mean full-figured.
He's doing a story about Ella.
That nobody from
the fashion shoot?
I don't know
what she's telling him.
but Derek seems to be listening.
Well. then his father
better start listening to me.
My name is
synonymous with this brand
and I will not be ignored.
Great. Claudia called
my father to complain.
and now we have
a meeting to discuss
the questionable decision to
give plus-size so much space.
And how much space does
she think the majority
of American women deserve?
We could hold the editorial
on body positivity
for a few months.
Body positivity isn't
just some trendy phrase.
It's changing lives.
Knowing that you're valued
for who you are.
any size. any shape.
Don't let anyone take that away.
In order
to increase revenue.
we have to appeal
to a broader base.
Well. they're certainly broader.
I'll grant you that.
Oh. come on.
But not the type
to buy The Look.
Perhaps if The Look
weren't so condescendingly
narrow in scope they would.
Who is putting all this
nonsense in your head?
I am vehemently opposed to some
everywoman idea of fashion.
It should be aspirational.
Beautiful women
we all want to be.
wearing beautiful clothing!
And isn't that how
every woman wants to feel?
I mean. I'm not setting
limitations on who's allowed
to dream when
they read our magazine.
I'm sorry. Claudia.
but I'm not changing my mind.
Does he still speak for you?
Assuming he turns
out to be right.
Well. we stick with what we got.
On behalf of a whole
lot of women. thank you.
Father. you remember Ella.
Hello. again.
This is how you make
critical business decisions?
On the advice of
a momentary fling?
It isn't momentary
and it's not a fling.
We're working together.
Very closely. it appears.
Filling my shoes
isn't automatic.
it has to be earned.
Well. if this is going to work.
I have be able to
do things my own way.
Not if it means
risking the company
that defines
our family name.
Mr. Colby?
I may be overstepping.
but I think your son is trying
to do some good with
the opportunity you gave him.
He has some pretty great
ideas of what the future
could look like.
Give him the chance
to make you proud.
Are you always this bold?
Only when I know I'm right.
He needs you to believe in him.
Point well-taken.
And well-delivered.
Not too shabby.
as penthouses go.
But he's moving to Brooklyn.
so he's forgiven.
Yes. I am making my daring
escape from the Upper East Side.
It's about time.
So. the secret to a good
Bolognese sauce is the pancetta.
The more pancetta the merrier.
I always say.
- Oh. yeah?
- Mm-hm.
- You always say that?
- Yup.
Who do you say it to?
Mostly to myself.
it doesn't really come up a lot.
So. I gather you like to cook.
Yeah. you know.
it's kind of a hobby of mine.
Pretty sure you learned
that at your last publication.
Okay. Oscar.
that's enough out of you.
Now. for the real test.
Okay.
What do you think?
More wine?
I think you should
leave sensational alone.
Hm.
I like working here.
better food. better view.
Away from Claudia and her spies.
Yeah. well.
we go live in nine days.
so Claudia's views
will be a moot point.
I'm sure she'll find a way
to un-moot her point.
So. you play that piano?
Yeah. yeah. A little bit.
I'm gonna head home.
I will see you two tomorrow.
Alright. have a good night.
You too.
Alright. Colby.
Let's see what you got.
Alright. but I'm not
looking for an opinion.
Any requests?
Your piano. your call.
Okay.
Is there anything
you can't do?
I can't sew.
Good.
I can't skate.
Yeah. that makes the two of us.
I can't walk in heels.
I thought we agreed
you'd be less wonderful.
Sorry.
It's only a dress.
No lives are at stake.
Do you know how many silkworms
on how many mulberry leaves
it took to make
this fabric?
Ugh. TMI.
I prefer to think
that silk just happens.
no creepy crawly
critters are involved.
Liza is coming in
late today.
She is so obsessed
with this party.
I bet she's having something
done before the big event.
Like what?
The red-carpet special. Ella.
What's that?
Have you seen Katie?
No. She's somewhere
around here.
What are you looking at?
What do you mean?
I have a staff meeting.
I had a lunch-time
touch-up.
Are you judging me?
I'm not judging.
I'm nodding.
It's not easy being
surrounded by all these models.
Always feeling like
the before instead of the after.
A little filler helps.
I get it.
No. you don't.
Trust me. I do.
Katie:
The article is almost done.
but it's hard to
capture Ella in 500 words.
Well. how about smart.
funny. talented. to name a few.
I couldn't agree more.
You've gotta keep the immigrant
garment workers who lived
in the building.
it gives the story gravitas.
Gravitas coming right up.
You want to get a bite to eat?
I have to get
back to The Closet.
Liza wants me to
pull some dresses for her
to wear to the party.
And what are you
going to wear?
Where?
To the party.
You could be my plus one.
Oh. I guess I'm going
to a party.
Just bring some
advertisers with you. please.
It's not that bad.
Oh. it is.
People still see us as
a sidecar to the print magazine.
We need this party to
generate some major buzz
before we publish. okay?
Is Claudia on
her broomstick again?
No. it's currently parked.
Just the usual woes of
trying to turn a profit.
Wanna go get lunch?
I'm buying.
Oh. I would love to.
it's just I have
a meeting with an ad agency.
Oh. well. in that case.
go get 'em.
Another time?
Any other time?
You're on.
Okay.
Sometimes I feel like
he's too good to be true.
What's a girl supposed to do
when subjected
to all that charm?
I think he's into you.
and you're obviously into him.
I was hoping
it wasn't that obvious.
You've had
serious boyfriends before.
why is this throwing you
for such a loop?
Peter was great on paper.
but he never made me laugh.
and Jason and I
almost got married.
but. you know. deep down.
I knew he wasn't the one.
I don't know. they were both
reasonable choices.
the 7th most eligible bachelor
in New York. not so much.
Try not to run away
before you find out.
I hate that you know me so well.
I have to go to bed. I have
such an early morning tomorrow.
Almost finished.
What do you think?
It is even more magical
than the sketch.
It's very Cinderella.
I used to love Cinderella
when I was a kid.
I read all the storybooks.
saw all the movies.
but Cinderella
never looked like me.
There are a lot of little
girls feeling what I felt.
I kind of want to change that.
Yet another pearl of wisdom
that I have to now
jam into this article.
- Goodnight.
Alright.
what do you got?
No. No.
Doesn't work.
Another RSVP.
I am not happy about this party.
Derek is trying to
stand in my spotlight.
The guest list needs to
include all of the designers
and VIPs that are loyal to me.
Of course.
And invite Jasmine and some of
the models from the print issue.
they know how
to steal the focus.
Liza:
The list is getting pretty long.
I have all
the would-be advertisers
that Derek is courting.
Annie Chew
and her team are coming.
the RSVPs are pouring in.
What about Ella?
Well. she's been working
with Derek so I just assumed.
Well. make an excuse.
I mean. we're overbooked
and you had to make some cuts.
I don't want her whispering
in his ear all night long.
I want you whispering
in his ear.
Only the things
you want him to hear.
Ella. do you have a minute?
Sure.
This is a little awkward.
What is it?
It's about the party.
I have to invite all
these high-profile VIPs.
Unfortunately. we had to make
some cuts in the guest list.
Are you telling me
I'm not invited?
I'm sorry. Ella.
but I had no choice.
The point of the party
is to get press.
Derek has so much
riding on this.
You're a sewer
who's trying to make her mark.
and I respect that.
but he needs the place to be
packed with established
designers who can buy ads.
I hope you understand.
I understand.
Ella didn't want me
to say anything to Derek.
so I'm saying it to you.
this stinks!
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Liza took Ella off
the guest list for the party
because it was VIP only.
Just how important
does a person need to be
to get into this thing?!
Nobody's more important
to this relaunch than Ella.
Well. she certainly
isn't feeling that way.
Let me talk to Derek.
Liza made it sound like
she was doing this for him.
Are you sure he didn't know?
Not if he's who I think he is.
Hey. Liza.
Can I talk to you for a second?
Of course. Derek. Hi.
Hi. Listen. I just--
I just wanted to thank you
for all your hard work
that you've been
doing with the party.
That means so much
coming from you.
There's a problem. though.
and I need you to fix it.
Whatever you need.
Put Ella's name back
on the guest list.
I don't know what she told you.
but I didn't have a choice.
Ella didn't
tell me anything. okay?
This is me
telling you what I want.
Claudia wanted
all her regulars there
so she wouldn't be sidelined.
I like Ella. but she means
nothing to Claudia.
so she made me cut her.
I was in a bind.
Claudia is my boss.
And I'm her boss. okay?
So. I want you to put
Ella Richard's name
back on the list.
Of course.
Great.
Thank you. Liza.
No problem.
Hi.
Hey.
Look. signals got crossed.
alright. it was a mistake.
Of course you're invited.
Are you sure?
Yes. So sure I don't
even have the words.
Well. that was
a pretty good start.
Why don't you say a little more?
Okay. uh. how about
it wouldn't be
the same without you.
That works.
So I'll see you there?
Yes. you will.
Nice glass slippers.
Yeah. well. these shoes
were not made for walking.
just standing around.
I love your hair like that.
Thank you.
Just a casual do that took
longer to perfect
than the dress.
Okay. so what do you think?
I was worried these
would be too girly.
Girly and boring.
Wow. um. don't hold back.
Tell me how you really feel.
I bought these
at an estate sale.
I was saving them
for a special occasion
and just the right dress.
They're perfect.
You got yourself one
very handy Fairy Godmother.
Thanks.
Okay. I better get dressed.
we don't want to be late.
I'll go turn
a pumpkin into an Uber
and we will head for the ball.
Good evening. everyone.
What a wonderful way
to kick off Fashion Week.
Thank you all
so much for coming.
Aren't these ladies lovely?
Oh. Derek. Please. Come on.
Oh. Claudia.
it's not a great time.
- I was just--
- Photo op!
Okay.
Jasmine. how are you?
Good.
Thank you for coming.
Alright. we'll make this quick.
Derek! Derek!
Yes. Jeremy. Hey! How ya doing?
Why all the fanfare. Derek?
That's a great question. Joey.
The Look is getting
a new look online.
and I want to make sure
the fashion industry
knows what's coming.
Hey. hey. Nice to meet you.
Hope you got your check book.
Everything is going digital.
including fashion.
Legacy magazines like The Look
need to bend with the times.
Gentlemen. if you'll excuse me?
Wow.
You look beautiful.
You clean up
pretty well yourself.
I'm so glad you're here.
Ella. what a nice surprise.
That dress is everything!
Well. hearing you
say that is everything.
I'm a big fan of Ella's work.
Is that right?
Well. we're doing a story about
Ella as an undiscovered talent.
I would love it if
you could give us a few quotes.
All you need.
That's-- Thank you.
Oh. of course. You deserve it.
Great.
There you are.
You look amazing.
That dress is perfect.
Thank you.
Jasmine:
Derek!
Are you having a good time?
Yeah. Yeah. I am.
Me too.
Woman:
Derek. how about a picture?
That's great.
I have to do a live-cast
in a few minutes.
Maybe I'll see you later.
Yeah. Maybe.
Pretty girl.
It's. um--
Oscar: I've just been approached
by two more designers.
They heard about
the plus-size push
and they want in.
I'm getting the same feedback.
I think it's time for a dance.
Oh. yeah.
Um...
Would you like to dance?
Come on.
You and that dress
deserve to be seen.
Well. when you put it like that.
Mm-hm.
Hey.
This is the same silk you used
to teach me about fabric.
You remembered.
Of course I did.
The softest hand
I ever felt.
♪ Just like you
stepped out of a dream ♪
♪ Baby. summer sun... ♪
Look who's still
whispering in Derek's ear.
I thought I made myself clear.
He made me put her on the list.
Claudia: We need to do
something about her right now.
before this full-figured
fiasco becomes permanent policy.
Like what?
Look at her.
She is out of her league.
personally and professionally.
Surely she must know that.
Deal with it.
Both: Whoa.
Everything okay?
Uh. yeah. It's my shoe.
What happened?
The strap just broke.
Let me go get a safety pin.
I'll pretend
this never happened.
Pretend what never happened?
I'll be right back.
Okay. Go.
Liza:
Hello. Ella.
That happened to me
on a job interview.
I barely limped
my way through it.
Very pretty dress.
Makes you look more of
a designer than a sewer.
I am a designer.
I'd like us to be friends. Ella.
Maybe we can attack
the elephant in the room.
That didn't come out right.
How do you do it?
Do what?
Live with yourself.
It isn't easy.
Which is why I'm trying
to do the right thing now.
And what's that?
You're here tonight
because Derek insisted
you be at this party.
Okay.
Thank you for telling me that.
But it isn't for
the reason you think
or hope.
He wanted to score points with
Annie Chew and all the designers
jumping on
the body positivity bandwagon.
Derek is here to sell ad space.
What do you think
the dance was for?
Taking you for a very public
spin so he could show everyone
what a good guy he is.
Okay. Liza.
you've made your point.
I know you think I'm the enemy.
but I'm not.
Derek is using you.
I wish you'd see that.
You got a great turnout.
Yup.
Your instincts were right about
taking a more inclusive stance.
It isn't just
an advertising strategy.
The Look has been perpetuating
an unhealthy standard.
and it's time for a change.
Hm. Perhaps you're right.
Um...
I want to start by thanking
you all for being here tonight.
The relaunch of
the digital magazine
means a lot to me.
We have an opportunity here.
An opportunity to
expand our readership
and do some good
at the same time.
You see. body positivity
isn't just some trendy slogan.
it matters. it matters to
a lot of women out there.
Women you all want to reach.
You see. size 16 is
the most common clothing size
for the American women.
and I think it's time
our magazine reflects that.
Oh. please.
Thankfully. you all agree.
because we just sold
all of our advertising space
for the first issue
of the digital magazine.
Yeah!
Now. the idea of inclusivity
extending to fashion.
it was new to me.
but I had a great teacher.
An up-and-coming designer
and someone who cares deeply
about these issues.
If I might. I'd like to
introduce to you Ella Richards.
Ella?
We are grateful for
Derek's contribution
to our digital counterpart.
Mm-hm.
But let's not forget
the print magazine.
which continues
to define fashion.
Ella.
Sewing helps me clear my mind...
...and my heart.
I don't think
it's working this time.
Derek texted me.
Said he's been
trying to reach you.
I'm not interested in being
some plus-sized Cinderella
to his Prince Charming.
Wear something
really nice today. okay?
I think I'm going to stay home.
Annie Chew will be there.
she's doing an editorial shoot.
It would be really hard
to walk into that place.
We publish in a few days
and this article could
really put you on the map.
Forget about the guy with
the million-dollar smile.
keep your eyes on the prize.
Alight. All systems go.
Ella will be here any minute.
It's a lot of
moving parts in this.
so everything needs
to move like clockwork.
Hi.
Uh. hi.
What's going on?
Uh...
Right before we publish.
things get a little nuts.
You know. you guys go ahead.
we'll go finish up.
Is everything okay?
Yeah. Just some last minute
details I need to take care of.
Maybe I should wait outside.
Maybe-- Maybe you should
tell me what's wrong.
Ella.
Talk to me.
Can we just keep this about work
and leave it at that?
No. No. we can't.
I was really upset
when you left.
I made this big speech
and introduced you. and...
The woman who
inspired it all she--
she wasn't there.
I felt like you were using me
to make some kind of statement
and sell more ads.
Ella. I thought you
knew me better than that.
You know how you always
talk about my honesty?
Uh-huh.
Well. maybe I haven't
been honest with myself.
I do know you.
and I know how much
I care for you.
I think that's what
I'm running from.
Let's get real.
I'm not exactly your type.
What do you think my type is?
You have cover girls
like Jasmine--
Jasmine doesn't even--
What exactly do I mean to you?!
Ella. You. Ella.
You mean everything to me.
Which is why I need you
to come with me.
Come on. Come on.
Where are we going?
You'll see.
Father.
What are you doing here?
I was hoping
we could have lunch.
Hello. Ella.
it's very nice to see you again.
You too.
I'm sorry. it's very busy.
there's a lot going on today.
It's not a good time.
Oh. alright.
Well. this will
just take a moment.
but I think it's important.
I just came from a board
meeting where I found myself
saying that
the future of the company...
...is in good hands.
The hands of
my very capable son.
Thanks. Dad.
- Derek?
- Yeah?
We need to get to the studio!
Right. I'll. uh--
I'll be right there.
Is it always this
busy around here?
Busy? Yes.
Happy? No.
That's new.
Bye.
Fashion.
I just wanted to say hello.
Hello. Ella.
Max. I didn't know
you'd be here.
Where else would I be
on such a big day?
Annie gave me some great quotes
that you might want to hear.
I think you're
very talented. Ella.
and I think you care
about your customer.
I do.
I want to expand
my company.
I have been looking
for a designer
that can do
full-figured women justice.
I think that's you.
I would like to be
in business with you.
I don't know what to say.
I would go with yes.
Yes. yes.
The biggest. loudest yes ever!
Well. then let's get the word
out about Ella Originals.
Oh. Bert is doing
your photo shoot.
No. Ella.
he is doing your shoot.
Derek gave me an offer
I couldn't refuse.
He said he would let me
shoot my favourite model.
Candice Huffine.
Wearing my dress.
Hi. Ella. Congratulations.
I'm so excited for you.
Thank you.
Wow.
You are a hero of mine.
I mean. your confidence
is as stunning as your beauty.
Thank you for
helping me find mine.
Thank you. It is such
an honour to be here.
And I know that
we're going to be great friends.
And I say we take some photos
of this gorgeous creation.
Yes.
♪ I do my hair toss.
check my nails ♪
♪ Baby how you feelin'?
Feeling good as hell ♪
♪ Hair toss.
check my nails ♪
♪ Baby. how you feelin'?
Feeling good as hell ♪
Far be it from me to stand
in the way of what sells.
♪ Keep it moving ♪
♪ Yes. Lord.
step into some new kicks ♪
♪ In there. swimwear.
going to the pool quick ♪
♪ Come now.
come dry your eyes ♪
♪ You know you a star.
you can touch the sky ♪
♪ I know that it's hard.
but you have to try ♪
You did all of this for me?
Mm-hm.
I believe in you. Ella.
I'm the lead story
of The Look.
Yeah. you are.
And I ended up with
the Prince.
No.
Our story has just begun.
♪ Baby. how you feelin'?
Feeling good as hell ♪
♪ Hair toss.
check my nails ♪
♪ Baby how you feelin'?
Feeling good as hell ♪
♪ Feeling good as hell
Baby. how you feelin'? ♪
♪ Feeling good as hell ♪
You go show 'em who's boss.
Ella. join us!
♪ Got to take a deep breath.
time to focus on you ♪
♪ All the big fights.
long nights ♪
♪ That you been through ♪
♪ I got a bottle
of tequila ♪
♪ I been saving
for you ♪
You go. Ella.
♪ Boss up and change
your life ♪
♪ You can have it all.
no sacrifice ♪
♪ I know he did you wrong.
we can make it right ♪
♪ So. go and let it all
hang out tonight ♪
♪ If he don't
love you anymore ♪
♪ Then walk your fine self
out the door ♪
♪ And do your hair toss.
check my nails ♪
♪ Baby how you feelin'? ♪
♪ Feeling good as hell ♪
♪ Baby how you feelin'?
Feeling good as hell ♪